Welcome back for another 5-minute
movie recap. Today i'm going to
give you an overview of the 2021 american
zombie heist film called army of the dead
there will be spoilers ahead so please
proceed with caution. A vehicle collides
with a u.s military convoy going from area
51 on the highway outside of las vegas
before traveling into the city the convoy's
cargo a zombie escapes killing and infecting
numerous troops they infect the majority of the
city's inhabitants the government quarantines
the city after a military incursion fails before
the military launches a tactical nuclear assault
on las vegas casino owner bligh tanaka and his
accomplice martin approached former mercenary
scott ward about a mission to collect 200 million
from his casino vault ward accepts and enlists the
help of his former comrades maria cruz and van der
rohe as well as helicopter pilot marianne peters
german safecracker ludwig dieter and chicano
sniper mikey guzman and his accomplice chambers
martin joins the group in order to provide
them with access to the casino ward's estranged
daughter kate who works at a quarantine camp leads
them to lily a smuggler who also recruits burke
cummings an abusive camp security guard who is
familiar with the city kate refuses to join the
squad against ward's protests after learning that
lily accompanied her friend gita into las vegas
lily wounded cummings and says that a gang
of clever zombies known as alphas will grant
safe passage in return for a sacrifice after an
encounter with a zombified tiger while entering
las vegas cummings is taken to the olympus casino
by an alpha female known as the queen where he is
infected by the alpha leader zeus lily takes
the squad to a facility where regular zombies
are hibernating ward uses light sticks to carve a
passage through the undead when chambers accuses
martin of having ulterior motivations he leads her
away from the route causing the zombies to awaken
Guzman fires the gasoline canister on her back
when she is encircled and bitten killing her and
the surrounding zombie horde ward and Kate
switch on the electricity to Bly's casino
while peters prepares a helicopter on
the roof and dieter works on the vault
martin and lily wait outside to keep an eye on the
queen but they end up luring her out into the open
martin decapitates her and snatches her head from
her body zeus finds her body and brings her to the
Olympus casino revealing that she was carrying
a zombie fetus. Zeus enraged, sends the alphas
to the casino according to a news report the
administration has moved the nuclear strike ahead
giving the squad around 90 minutes ward finds Kate
has fled to seek Ferguetta as Dieter accesses the
vault the alphas arrive and murder cruz just
as ward and crews are going to look for her
martin locks the crew in the basement stating that
bly is only interested in the zombie head which
can be used by the government to build a zombie
army and is worth more than the money in the vault
when he goes outside he learns lily has taken the
queen's head and is mauled to death by the tiger
Van Der Rohe tries to battle
Zeus but he is quickly defeated.
Dieter makes the ultimate sacrifice in order
to bring Van Der Rohe into the vault securely.
Ward, Lily and Guzman make it to the lobby
where zombies approach and swarm Guzman
who detonates his explosives killing the
zombies and destroying the money he was
carrying at the expense of his own life on the
roof zeus confronts them as ward and peters flee
lily distracts him with the queen's skull lily
fatally impales zeus who then drops the head
over the roof destroying it ward is taken to the
Olympus casino by peters in order to rescue Kate.
Kate locates gita and kills the sick comings
inside ward inadvertently shoots peters forcing
the chopper to fly erratically as zeus pursues
them aboard peters aircraft ward is overpowered
by zeus who bites him zeus is distracted by the
bomb flash as the nuclear destroys las vegas and
ward kills him the chopper crashes as a result
of the nuke shockwave killing peters and Gita
Kate makes it out alive and meets ward who offers
her money to start a new life before becoming
a zombie as a rescue chopper approaches
kate murders him and falls down and sobs
van der rohe survives the explosion and escapes
with the remaining funds he travels to utah and
charters a private jet to mexico city he finds
that he has been bitten while on the journey
if you like this movie click the link in the
description below to watch it today i hope you
have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and
subscribe for more videos, have a great day ahead.